and they are exacting
the remains of someone
the remains
to be more precise cellular specimens that contains the information
genetics of the individual
cell specimens so that they want us
the terrorists need them
the new generation special forces have been reinforced by therapy
genetics
reinforced will have heard about the human genome project
they have been working human genome and have almost finished
following with the investigation
the military have been working to identify the genes responsible for
that the soldiers are effective
there is that kind of weapons
and using gene therapy
Professional soldiers can transplant such genes
gene therapy
I do not know if they want
with genetic therapy
we can eliminate genes that we know at home diseases and at the same
time in blackmail with beneficial effects like resistance altercation
in other words
we can overcome all kinds of genetic disease and also add the
desired genetic characteristics
so if they knew which genes responsible for creating northern zone of
saná pollini 32 in this way nothing specified we could
but it depends on what we can help identify those military genes
nowadays
Your score may be able to study genetic information and even though
better paid
one of the best soldiers
the man considered to be the best jumper of the 20th century
some little gifts
precisely
We have worked hard to identify the genes responsible for
his incredible racing skills
moment we have discovered about 60 military leaders
so
his body was recovered
and your cells have been frozen in an atrium camps your genetic information
it is a treasure for humanity
it will be a test for the military
that cost suffered severe burns
then to restore the partisan Athene profile of one of its deficiencies
you have
and now they are going to transplant those associated genes
messi we will use a method that I discovered called genetic selection
the strongest soldiers do not become what they did through
experience workouts
we know that hereditary factors are crucial to create jumps
superior s
we can not give them their body
is potentially more dangerous than all the warheads that there are in
the island
a paratrooper the terrorists the board plus the sons of picks
the favorite children
tell me about the new generation special forces started as a unit
special anti-terrorist formed by members of biochemical units
escort units in the nuclear emergency research group
its objective was to respond to the threats of new generation weapons
for massacres including nbc weapons
until they arrived is clear
who are they
of those times they were not professional soldiers
it seems to be a very international group
mercenaries
and the thing gets worse
most came from a mercenary agency that I think you know
all right
they were part of the private guard of bingos
and when it disappeared
the military acquired all contracts
al cartagena
in the end
merged with our own life of virtual reality
strength 21 and they were respected by small means the so-called special forces
new generation
they should be called artificial soldiers
they have no real combat experience
video game fans
musaví asks that all have been reinforced with genetic therapy and
come genes that makes them an excellent probes I do not know how
i just because they do not have much experience
he believed that the genetically modified soldiers this day the law
international
my interests he only statements and it's not about helps
The most interesting thing is that almost every member of the unit participated in this
attack
as it is all a unique cadereyta rebellion
they call it a revolution
As they were all subjected to the same therapy they surely feel like
brothers the unit is their only family
the children cerritos
but if they were professional soldiers, military advisers had to
interview them periodically
according to their archives all obtained the psychological tests
they all looked good soldiers Friday 24th and others both participated in the
lifting not
several of them did not show up on the day of the maneuvers so a new
trophy recruitment
there was recently a signal that something was wrong
a month ago came a report that they acted strangely
journalists consulted classified information about which last night
they started their own gene therapy experiments
they can do it even xix
good our gene therapy method is almost automatic
and all of them are genes with an IQ of more than 180
even the existence of this army genome of its national secret first
order
We expected to investigate it calmly and fix it on the door
closed
purity fox still special forces caice
his old unit and in which I was commander
an elite group that has weapons and experience
and they are as good as when I was in charge
you will not be that they are still there
there are six fox members still involved in terrorist activity
if you command with your powerful psychic abilities
it is a hyperbole
the beautiful and deadly sniper
from colloto
master of the fragile cap
vulcan rap giant sorcerer and revolver or other specialist interrogations
that a formidable gunman
It looks like a group of lovely guys
it's a shame we have to see each other in these circumstances
and commanding them the leader of the soap fox commando
ficomic explains the only thing that follow up and you are the only person
that can face him